Readme.md, before:

# ☀️ Android Weather App

The **AndroidWeatherApp** is a simple Android application that provides real-time weather
information for the user's location. It allows users to view the current weather conditions, check
the forecast,and search for weather updates of different cities.
Additionally, it's offers an **app widget** that displays the current weather on the home screen for
quick view.The widgets updates at a predefined interval, adhering to a predetermined refresh rate.

## 🌉 Features

- 🌈Current Weather: Get up-to-date weather data for the user's current location.
- 🌧️ Weather Forecast: View the weather forecast to plan ahead.
- 🏙️ City Search: Search for weather information in different cities.
- 📺 Home Screen Widget: Add a widget to the home screen to see the current weather at a glance.

## 🖼️ Screenshots

These are some of the screen shots of the App

<div align="center">
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\current_weather_screen.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\forecast_screen.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\search_screen.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\saved_cities.png" />
</div>

Screenshot for **widgets**

<div align="center">
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\widget_preview.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\actual_widget.png" />

</div>

## 🤙Contributing

If you would like to contribute to [Reminders app](https://github.com/tuuhin/Reminders), follow
these steps:

1. Fork the repository on Github.
2. Create a new branch with your changes.
3. Commit your changes and push your branch to your fork.
4. Submit a pull request to the main repository.

## 🔚 Conclusion

This app is mainly created to try out
the [Jetpack Glance library](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/glance/) ,was great for
creating home screen app widgets and to make another weather app in android and using compose
Previously I had already made an [weather app](https://github.com/tuuhin/weather_app),but this new
version looks more polished and clean.

I have learned a lot in making this, hopefully you like it.I am welcome any feedback or suggestions
for improvement.

Commit message:

Fixed Colors in the app widget and some portion of the app Fixed the available sizes for the app widget. Updated readme file. On widget click it will start the activity

Readme.md, after:

# ☀️ Android Weather App

The **AndroidWeatherApp** is a simple Android application that provides real-time weather
information for the user's location. It allows users to view the current weather conditions, check
the forecast,and search for weather updates of different cities.
Additionally, it's offers an **app widget** that displays the current weather on the home screen for
quick view.The widgets updates at a predefined interval, adhering to a predetermined refresh rate.

## 🌉 Features

- 🌈Current Weather: Get up-to-date weather data for the user's current location.
- 🌧️ Weather Forecast: View the weather forecast to plan ahead.
- 🏙️ City Search: Search for weather information in different cities.
- 📺 Home Screen Widget: Add a widget to the home screen to see the current weather at a glance.

## 🖼️ Screenshots

These are some of the screen shots of the App

<div align="center">
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\current_weather_screen.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\forecast_screen.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\search_screen.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\saved_cities.png" />
</div>

Screenshot for **widgets**

<div align="center">
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\widget_preview.png" />
  <img width="24%" src="screenshots\actual_widget.png" />

</div>

## 🤙Contributing

If you would like to contribute to [Reminders app](https://github.com/tuuhin/Reminders), follow
these steps:

1. Fork the repository on Github.
2. Create a new branch with your changes.
3. Commit your changes and push your branch to your fork.
4. Submit a pull request to the main repository.

To ensure accurate weather data, please sign up at [weatherapi.com](https://www.weatherapi.com/) and
obtain your unique API key.
After that create a new property in `local.properties` file

```properties
API_KEY=<your_api_key>
```
You are set to go!!

## 🔚 Conclusion

This app is mainly created to try out
the [Jetpack Glance library](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/glance/) ,was great for
creating home screen app widgets and to make another weather app in android and using compose
Previously I had already made an [weather app](https://github.com/tuuhin/weather_app),but this new
version looks more polished and clean.

I have learned a lot in making this, hopefully you like it.I am welcome any feedback or suggestions
for improvement.
